# 📉 Insufficient ICO

If there is insufficient demand, the ICO will be cancelled and purchase orders made by purchasers may be cancelled. In such a scenario, any amounts already paid by purchasers will be refunded net of charges incurred, if any.

Save where theICO is cancelled, the Issuer is not obliged to provide Token holders with a refund for any reason and Token holders will not receive money or other compensation in lieu of a refund. Statements set out in the White Paper are merely expressions of the Issuer’s objectives and desired work plan to achieve those objectives and no promises of future performance or price are or will be made in respect to Tokens, including no promise of inherent value and no guarantee that Tokens will hold any particular value.

There is no existing trading market for our Tokens, and we have no guarantees that the Tokens will be negotiated in any exchange or secondary market. The Tokens are a new issuance of digital assets for which there is no established public market. Moreover, there can be no assurance that any such existing token exchanges will accept the listing of Tokens or maintain the listing if it is accepted. There can be no assurance that a secondary market will develop or if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide Token holders with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the life of the Tokens. In addition, at times it may be difficult to dispose of the real estate assets due to low or non-existent demand or negotiability. In such cases, we may face difficulties in negotiating or disposing of such assets at a convenient price or time. As a consequence, we depend on the income from our investments to make distributions to Token holders.

In addition, at times it may be difficult to dispose of the real estate assets due to low or non-existent demand or negotiability. In such cases, we may face difficulties in negotiating or disposing of such assets at a convenient price or time. As a consequence, we depend on the income from our investments to make distributions to Token holders.

We shall have the right to cancel the Tokens of a Token holder at any time at our sole discretion, including if the relevant Token holder has not provided information requested by us (including, but not limited to, information requested in connection with AML purposes). Any such cancellation shall be made in exchange for a cancellation price, which will be based on the current fair market value attributed to the Token. On the other hand, Token holders will have no right to force or induce a repurchase or redemption of the Tokens.Potential purchasers may not have the appropriate skills to secure, trade or collect distributions using the Tokens or to comply with the requirements of the Issuer (including, but not limited to, information requested in connection with a periodic Token holder check). Knowledge of blockchain asset exchanges and other industry participants may be needed to comply with the requirements of the offering.

In addition, the Ethereum blockchain, which will be used for Tokens, is susceptible to mining attacks, including double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining” attacks, and race condition attacks, as well as other new forms of attack that may be created. Any successful attacks present a risk to Tokens, expected proper execution and sequencing of Tokens, and to expected proper execution and sequencing of Ethereum contract computations in general. Mining attacks may also target other blockchain networks with which Tokens interact, which may consequently significantly impact Tokens.
