# 👩🎓 Education is essential

The last main area of the Sustainable Development Plan is the one focused on education and professional qualification in the area of influence of the projects. It’s been said already that these are fundamental in achieving the objectives of the SPDs, since the improvement of socio-economic indexes and reducing income inequality in the surrounding communities are correlated with decrease in deforestation and degradation. <mark style="color:blue;">\[2]</mark> Furthermore, the transfer of know-how and application of the technology made possible through the project, rely on qualified and trained workforce.

Besides creating and equipping the physical structure, the SPD lay the bases of the institutional structures of a basic education system - aimed for the communities as a whole - and for a professional training / higher education system - aimed more directly at training current workers through workshops, short period courses, as well as providing a pool of qualified workers for the upcoming investments. The plan sets clear objectives - and how to achieve them - for the first years of the investment, after which it’s expected an integration in the existing education policies for the region in a state level, ensuring a sustained continuity and multiplier effects.

Set in successive phases, the professional education institutes provide education first to the landowners, its employees and community members through short term courses. Follows the implementation of a Technical School and a Research and Development unit, in partnership with other education institutes, farming supply companies, and research institutes (EMPAER, EMBRAPA). It’s capable of providing longer term formation courses and of researches that support the implementation of new techniques and enable supply production for crops and forests.

In every Nuclei, one Technical Education Unit, one Elementary School and one Kindergarden are to be implemented, amounting to an investment estimated in R$ 44,4 million. These facilities will impact the livelihoods of the 1000 families that depend on the agricultural production in the influence area, besides the overall population of the 69 municipalities therein included.

Education and qualification are perhaps the most critical pieces of the Nuclei projects as it’s the main point of contact with landowners, workers and community in general. Hence the application of resources in this area is monitored in a regular basis by BMV, which also provides assistance to management in order to assure that all the set and agreed guidelines are strictly followed.

{% hint style="info" %}
**Reference** _<mark style="color:blue;">\[2] ARRAES, Ronaldo de Albuquerque e; MARIANO, Francisca Zilania; SIMONASSI, Andrei Gomes. Causas do desmatamento no Brasil e seu ordenamento no contexto mundial.</mark> <mark style="color:blue;"></mark><mark style="color:blue;">**Rev. Econ. Sociol. Rural**</mark><mark style="color:blue;">,  Brasília ,  v. 50, n. 1, p. 119-140,Mar.  2012 .   Available from http://www.scielo.br/scielo.php?script=sci\_arttext\&pid=S0103-20032012000100007\&lng=en\&nrm=iso>. access on 26  Mar.  2020.</mark>_
{% endhint %}
